 
AUTOMATICALLY SUBCRIPTION INFORMATION
In-app purchases are automatically renewed.
 
THE PACKAGE IS
$34.99 for 3 Months VIP
¥238 for 3 Months VIP
 
LENGTH OF SUBSCRIPTION
3 Months VIP - 3 Months
 
NOTICE OF AUTO-RENEWING SUBSCRIPTION:
-Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
-Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
-Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period,and identify the cost of the renewal
-Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Setting after purchase
-Any unused portion of a free trial period,if offered,will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication,where applicable
 
DEFINITIONS
In this Agreement, "Application" refers to the application developed by us entitled "Show Wallpaper". Unless the context requires otherwise, a reference to the "Application" includes all modifications, enhancements or updates thereto, and includes all associated printed, online or electronic documentation and instructions relating to it. The Terms and Conditions agreement can act as a legal contract between us, the Show Wallpaper and you, the users of Show Wallpaper service. Please read the following Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the Virtual Private Network ("Show Wallpaper") operated by Show Wallpaper ("us", "we", or "our") Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
 
THE TERM OF SERVICE
Show Wallpaper provides the Service as a means of protecting your privacy by establishing a secure Virtual Private Network ("Show Wallpaper") when connecting to the Internet.
 
THE PRIVACY POLICY
Show Wallpaper respects and protects all users' private privacy; we will never and shall not have the right to disclosure your information to the third parties for any purposes without users' permission.
 
FREE & SUBSCRIPTIONS
Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring. The Subscription section is for Show Wallpaper business. If you choose the free Service, then Show Wallpaper may deliver third-party advertisements ("Advertisements") within the content. If you choose the subscription service, then Show Wallpaper will not deliver any advertisements within the content.
 
SERVICE SUPPORT
We are very concerned about our user's product experience when using Show Wallpaper. For any problems about it, please feel free to tell us. We will reply and solve for you immediately.
 
INSTALL & UPDATES
We have the right to install certificates and future updates at any time without any notice.
 
SECURITY MEASURES
Show Wallpaper keeps no logs which enable interference with your IP address, the moment or content of your data traffic. We make express reference to the fact that we do not record in logs communication contents or data regarding the accessed websites or the IP addresses.
 
CHANGES
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service. We may change our terms at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the terms is reflected by the version date located at the top of this agreement. All updates and amendments are effective immediately after updates. We encourage you to review our terms often to stay informed of changes that may affect you, as your continued use of the application signifies your continuing consent to be bound by our terms.
 
TERMINATION
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
 
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
 
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at: MyWallpaperShow@163.com
 
